["God Save the Queen" is playing, while actor Mathew Rushmere, dressed as Queen Elizabeth II makes his entrance.]
Thank you, you can sit down.
Is it on?
[Voice from Off] Yes!
[Mathew] Good.
Our dearest European neighbours,
I am speaking to you today from my royal residence,
Mock-Buckingham Palace in Central London, post Brexit,
Just to let you all know…
(starts sobbing)
…how well the United Kingdom is doing.
(starts crying)
Just in case you wonder,
I feel that at this point, there are a few rumours
that I should clarify that have been circulating the airwaves since our independence — yesterday.
It is categorically untrue
that I have sold the crown jewels to Cash for Gold.
For the Arab Sheik made a far more interesting offer.
And it is a horrid lie
that there is a Burger King set up right here in Buckingham Palace.
McDonald's had that space booked years ago.
One is loving it.